Small fixes (#724)
LLNL/sundials: doc/shared/RecentChanges.rst

**Bug Fixes**

> The shared library version numbers for the oneMKL dense linear solver and
> the PETSc SNES nonlinear solver libraries have been corrected.

Reviewer: Need to note the oneMKL matrix also
```suggestion
The shared library version numbers for the oneMKL dense linear solver and
and matrix as well as the PETSc SNES nonlinear solver have been corrected.
```
